mysterious pill that allows users to
access 100
of their brains abilities welcome back
to popcorn time movie digest
today i will show you a science fiction
thriller film from 2011
titled limitless spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
there's a loud banging on a metal door
the door shutters but doesn't give
it's state-of-the-art residential
protection he hears the sound of power
tools going to work on his door
these people are determined professional
and prepared
a little visit through a top-of-the-line
apartment building uncovers two dead
bodies
and on top of the building standing
right on the edge of a balcony
he takes one foot off the edge and he
hears two gunshots in the next apartment
over his neighbor
someone is screaming in front of his
door to be let it in and he's
disappointed in himself
he's going to jump not so long ago edie
is walking down the street
looking completely different eddie is a
struggling author in new york city
he is a disheveled unemployed writer he
has a contract to write a book that has
more talk than action
he has writer's block he's telling two
guys about his novel
for which no one believes he has a
contract it's a question if he believes
it himself
later he's seen writing trying to write
procrastinating
until he finally leaves his apartment
and goes out to drink again
a few weeks if not even months pass with
him not writing a single word
eventually his girlfriend lindy
frustrated with his lack of progress as
well as his seeming lack of ambition
motivation and focus breaks up with him
walking grossly down on new york street
he bumps into his ex-brother-in-law
vernon
whom he hasn't seen for nine years after
a little chit chat where they both lie
to each other a bit about what they're
doing
vernon convinces him to have a drink
together they talk about melissa eddie's
ex-wife
who is living upstate eddie confesses he
is behind schedule on the book
vernon is currently consulting with a
pharmaceutical company
passes eddie a new brain drug set for
market release next year
this sample new neotropic drug is called
nzt vernon said it will help eddie with
his creative problems
vernon has to go but leaves his business
card eddie takes the translucent pill on
his way home
still wallowing in self-hate when he
decides to take the drug
he walks into his building and bumps
into the landlord's wife valerie
she rails him about late rent and lack
of career the drug begins to take effect
and a notices things with clarity on the
drug
eddie discovers that he has acquired
perfect recall and can analyze minute
details and information at incredible
speed
as the pill takes effect he is being
yelled at by his landlord's wife
with his new power he calms her down at
one point
he asks her what's wrong catching her
off guard and starts talking to valerie
confidently about legal studies
he begins accessing different memories
in his mind that he didn't even know he
remembered
he offers to help her with her law
school homework and when the essay is
done
he sleeps with her he walks into his
apartment and notices the mess and
quickly cleans up putting everything in
its place
until it looks like an actual place
someone would live in the drug has made
his mind clear
he then gets on his laptop and starts
writing the next morning he is back to
normal
the good news is that he still has the
pages he writes for his novel
he takes them to his editor who eyes
them warily he asks her to read the
unfinished manuscript and promises to
return the advance if she doesn't like
it
at his apartment he checks his voicemail
he has three new messages from her
saying that what he wrote was brilliant
eddie goes to visit vernon he opens the
doors for him looking like someone has
roughed him up but won't say what
happened
vernon knows why he's there and tells
him that he'll give him more of the drug
but that first he has to run some
errands for him he explains the drug is
called nzt48
for another pill eddie will do anything
when he comes back he finds the
apartment door open
upon checking he sees the place
completely ransacked with vernon on the
sofa
dead vernon is murdered by someone
searching for the drug
stunned and scared he immediately calls
the police and while he waits for them
to get there
he realizes that the people that were
apparently looking for the drugs never
found them
he searches for the drug stash and finds
a plastic bag full of the pills inside
the oven
along with a wad of cash in an address
book suddenly
the police are at the door and the
detective is suspicious of eddie and his
story but eventually releases him after
a short interview
melissa calls the detective's desk and
asks to speak to eddie
she tells him that she doesn't want him
to vernon's funeral and that she'll call
him when all of it is over
eddie leaves the police station paranoid
that he's being followed
back at home he counts the money and
takes one tablet which kicks off a
montage of him completely rediscovering
himself
and the power of the drug first he gets
a haircut
new clothes and motivation to finish the
book in four days
he learns piano cards fitness new
languages
and talks like a know-it-all about
everything to new friends with little
effort
one of his listeners stockbroker kevin
doyle gives him his business card
thereafter eddie is invited to private
jets for a beach party down south
he zooms around with a babe and a
maserati then shows off by cliff diving
revealing that a side effect of nzt is
to move forward
no holding back he has an epiphany on
what to do for the rest of his life but
realizes he needs lots of money to do it
as his life improves he decides to begin
investing in the stock market but needs
more capital
he is hired at a brokerage firm and
resumes his relationship with lindy
he needs money for what he wants to do
and investing in trades isn't enough
a cafe owner sets him up with a russian
loan shark gennady
he convinces him to give him one hundred
100 000 and meet for the drop at a park
the lone shark threatens to skin him
alive if he doesn't pay it back
meanwhile eddie's stock trades rapidly
increases brokerage account
his success kevin doyle offers a meeting
with elite entrepreneur carl van loon
who tests him by seeking advice on a
merger with hank atwood's company
in a limo carl tests eddie by asking him
to review a file of different companies
eddie gleans there is a major merger in
the works carl dropped off eddie in
chinatown and invites him the next day
for another
meeting walking eddie loses track of
time an emerging side effect of nzt
so he keeps walking and walking until he
reaches a barn unaware of how he got
there
among disjointed events he recalls bruce
lee movies to help him battle a gang of
muggers in a subway station
he then ends up in a bar and meets new
friends and shags a blonde woman
he runs throughout the city and suddenly
finds himself on top of a bridge
where he stops without being able to
recall the last 18 hours of his life
and he wakes up the next day feeling
horrible his skin of nzt is nearly empty
and decides not to take another tablet
he tries to go through the documents
sent to him by van loon but is unable to
decipher the corporate files
carl asks him about hank atwood a
corporate rival who came from nowhere to
prominence two years ago
he expecting high-level answers from him
but all that he can focus on is the tv
where the news is reporting that the
woman who was in the hotel with him is
dead
he excuses himself and vomits outside
fearing he may have killed the girl
during his blackout
he leaves the meeting abruptly and when
he gets home the phone rings
it's melissa he asked her to meet him
later that day
fearful of nzt's side effects he
remembers vernon's black book
eddie tries to find vernon's other
clients to understand more
but each phone call is a dead end with
users either dead or hospitalized
the next call he makes coincidentally
rings the phone of the tan coat tough
guy sitting on the other side of a park
eddie realizes the connection first and
makes an escape
he then meets his ex-wife melissa in a
cafe she tells him that she had also
been on the drug and barely made it out
alive when she stopped using it
she realized no one could operate at
that level of mental activity without
bad consequences
then found out from vernon that other
users had died she walks away with a
pronounced limp
russian loan shark gennady finds eddie
and demands his money
in rusting eddie he spots a drop in zt
pill and takes it
he feels good and after getting his 100k
back he lets go of eddie
later eddie stumbles into linda's office
he tells her everything
admits he needs the drugs and admits
hiding his main stash in her apartment
leaving eddie collapsed on the floor of
her office lindy gets in the apartment
and finds them easily
but as she's getting back to the office
she noticed that there's a man following
her
he viciously kills two bystanders that
try to help her as she runs off and
hides in central park
she phones eddie who encourages her to
take one of the pills
under its influence lindy goes through
the same thing that eddie did when he
first took it and
instantly starts running away knowing
exactly what to do
she escapes by using an ice skating girl
as a weapon gashing the face of the tan
coat man
the following morning lindy is getting
ready to leave and eddie tries to
persuade her that he'll get on track
she wants nothing more to do with nzt
eddie says he needs more time with it to
set things up and he tells her that he
will eventually get off the drug
but she leaves regardless once again
gennady meets eddie the man wants more
drugs so he gives him a few to hold him
over
afterward eddie hires two bodyguards
that follow him everywhere
he meets carl again looking and acting
sharp he apologizes about the meeting
explaining he was sick but he had
already won the man over before so van
loon still gives him the job
eddie experiments with nzt and learns to
control his dosage
sleep schedule and food intake to
prevent side effects
he hires a chemist in an attempt to
reverse engineer the drug
an attorney morris brandt to keep the
police from investigating the death of
vernon or the woman
he orders up tailored suits with
imperceptible compartments to hide his
pills
at a restaurant business lunch the
detective comes to see him
they tell him that he's been identified
as the man running out of the hotel when
the young woman was killed
eddie called his lawyer to bail him out
at the meeting for the merger he notices
that one of the men from the opposing
side is sick they will reconvene to sign
the contract
the next day after the meeting eddie
reveals plans to move on but carl wants
him to stay
and he threatens him not to make him
this competition explaining that
whatever makes him that good at his job
is a gift
finding his hotel room rated eddie buys
the secure condo fortress apartment that
we see at the beginning of the film
on the street he meets the loan shark
who wants 20 pills or he'll tell his
boss about his trouble with the police
as he's about to receive 40 million from
the outward merger eddie is confident
he'll have enough money to deal with
gennady
the next day van loon and eddie are
waiting for hank to come in and sign the
documents for the merger
however hank atwood is a no-show carl
and eddie meet hank atwood's wife
who tells them hank is in the hospital
the deal will close when he gets better
eddie recognizes atwood's driver as the
man in the trench coat and realizes
atwood is on nzt
for now eddie must go to the police
station and stand in an id lineup he
meets his lawyer in a police station and
assists him with a lineup
thankfully he doesn't get picked out at
the office
carl is upset atwood is in a coma and
carl wants to know where eddie has been
thinking that he knows what is going on
and suspecting betrayal
in the washroom eddie discovers his
pills are missing
he comes back to the office when a box
arrives addressed to him as van loon
keeps pushing for information
eddie grabs the box to find the severed
hands of his bodyguards inside
he rushes out and goes back to his
apartment and watches tv and sees mrs
atwood and her lawyer
who's also his lawyer morris brandt as
he realizes that's where his hidden
pills went
he sees the russians coming for him from
the security cameras who assault his
steel door with a chainsaw
eddie goes to the balcony edge ready to
kill himself rather than succumb to
their undoubtedly painful torture
he suddenly remembers where one last nzt
pill is and tries to retrieve it but
loses at the same moment that the lone
shark walks into his apartment
gennady flaunts his abilities while
injecting himself with nzt
explaining that by injecting it directly
into the bloodstream the effects last
longer and the withdrawal symptoms are
lessened
as gennady threatens to eviscerate him
the goons are trying to open up his safe
so they don't hear when eddie grabs his
own knife and kills gennady
eddie kills him and drinks his blood to
ingest the nzt in the blood
this gives eddie the mental abilities of
the drug once again and he is able to
kill the remaining henchmen
meanwhile at the hospital hank atwood
dies eddie realizes that
though brant stole his pills he did not
give them to mr atwood
eddie meets the man with a tan coat in
the waiting room who
now that his boss is dead aids eddie
search through brandt's safe
where he finds his pills packet while
the tan coat man watches over brandt
tied and gagged on the floor a year
later eddie's book is published
and he's running for the senate he gets
a surprise visit from carl in his
campaign office and reveals that he has
absorbed the company that produced nzt
and shut down eddie's laboratory
eddie aggressively comes back showing
off his abilities
he says he is off nzt and doesn't need
it has become permanently enhanced and
sends him on his way
he can see everything he's unstoppable
and he refuses any possibility to work
with van loon
at an upscale chinese restaurant eddie
and lindy are together again
he orders his food in fluent chinese
then notices lindy's bemused stare
make sure to subscribe and turn on the
notification for more videos like this
thanks for watching